He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
Greetings from the real universe.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
Mary plays the piano.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
With the high wind warning
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
We should play with legos at camp.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
Don't step on the broken glass.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
I’m a living furnace.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
Just go ahead and press that button.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
There's a message for you if you look up.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
I want more detailed information.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
The father died during childbirth.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
With the high wind warning
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
Love is not like pizza.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.